happy pancakes a from BBC good food
we're gonna show you three quick and
easy ways with pancakes
my favorite filling pancakes is based on
Black Forest gateau so I've got some
chocolate sauce and some stick and
cherries Barney what you doing I'm going
to do an updated version of the classic
crepes Suzette so that's pancakes
drenched in a sticky caramel orange
syrup delicious Mary Anne and I'm going
to making savory fill pancakes which
were inspired by quesadillas so I need
pop a pancake in a hot pan and then
scatter over some grated cheese some
chopped red pepper and coriander leaves
please any kind of cheese anything
that's gonna melt well so like cheddar
cheese here but you could use red
Leicester Scott that'd be fine but its
salt pepper and then you just fold it
over and leave it until the cheese melts
so how would you cook it if you wanted
to do lots of PES adea's for a crowd
yeah you just put all pancakes on a big
baking tray top them with the cheese and
pepper and everything put another
pancake on the top of each one put it in
a low oven until the cheese melts so
just do them all in one go basically
yeah that's about ready to flip favorite
and you're gonna serve it with something
Mexicans yeah I keep on the theme so
I've got some red kidney beans which
I've put some spices and some garlic
lots of butter so they'll mashed up
together put some salad and some avocado
bit of lime yeah
delicious Barney what are you up to over
here I'm making the base of this crepes
use that I've scattered 50 grams of
sugar into a dry pan we're just going to
swirl it around it's quite important
that you don't stir it with a wooden
spoon you see in the plants just
starting to go leave that for about 20
more seconds
and then we're going to add some grated
orange zest to that and we're going to
add juice of one orange
let's go splutter and then we're going
to add about 50 grams of butter wow it
smells amazing so that's a lovely sticky
syrup we turned that down to a medium
heat and we're just going to add our
pancakes got two pancakes per person and
then you just want to trench or soak the
pancakes and this orange syrups just
bring up just slightly
bubble and we're just gonna flip those
over here and its own right you've got
an absolutely wonderful dessert the next
thing we're about to do really isn't
essential which is to flambe it with
about 50 ml or what is the cure you
could use brandy
but orally sure if you've got it Wow
and that just boils it down to a lovely
sticky syrup I'm just going to serve
that with a ball of ice cream in a
minute delicious well my favorite
pancake filling is a bit simpler than
yours I've got some cherries here and
I've just boiled them down with a little
bit of cherry jam you could use
raspberry jam or strawberry jam and then
I've got my favorite pancake filling of
all time which is chocolate and hazelnut
spread I'm just gonna roll that up and
then top that with the lovely sticky
cherries and then on top of that I'm
just gonna add a blob of creme fraiche
and then to finish it off I'm just gonna
crumble over some chocolate flake so
there's my Black Forest gateau inspired
pancake there are my quesadilla spell
pancakes and here's my caramelized
orange crepes Suzette